Update relationship to Tokio (#107)
withoutboats/romio: README.md

## Relationship to Tokio

Romio is a fork of another Rust project called [Tokio][tokio]. The Tokio

> project would use an older version of the futures API which was not compatible with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project once used an older version of the futures API which was not compatible with
```

the new "async/await" syntax. In order to enable people to experiment with
"async/await," Romio ported parts of the tokio project to the newer futures API

> which was compatible with that syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is compatible with that syntax.
```
This is still current.

Author: Sequence of tenses?

Reviewer: I'm not sure what that means, but feel free to disregard this suggestion; I don't feel strongly about it.

doesn't contain many other parts of tokio that are not directly related to
asynchronous IO.

Romio was intended to unblock people trying to experiment with async/await,
so that it exposed such a minimal API. It was not intended to be a full

> fledged "competitor" to tokio, which we expected would eventually move to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fledged "competitor" to tokio, which has now moved to the
```

> newer futures API and be compatible with async/await syntax. Since async/await

Reviewer: ```suggestion
newer futures API and became compatible with async/await syntax. Since async/await
```

> landed to stable, there is no need to use romio to experiment with this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
landed in stable, there is no need to use romio to experiment with this feature.
```
